To Fatima

The coincidences and everything that you've done have all led up to this point

I would not have changed my life one bit to miss this exact point, how far we've gotten.

Things I've done for you:
- Planned out how to help you leave Iraq
- Dentistry
- Given you the confidence you need

Here are some of the things you did for me, AND DON'T YOU DARE THINK THAT THEY ARE
ANY LESS THAN THE THINGS I DID FOR YOU:
- You're the first one to call me genuinely pretty (parents don't count)
and actually enjoy EVERYTHING ABOUT ME. I'm actually scared that you'll find
just ONE thing you don't like about me, but I am literally willing to change that.
- You gave the last 3.5 years of my university (which was a complete waste of time up until then)
a real purpose. The dentistry website really was a divine call for me.
- You've convinced me that people of other religions are even more worth saving in the eyes of God.

Qualities I like about you (in ORDER):

#1: Faith - The way you articulate yourself and your relationship with God spreads over to me. That 
has never happened with anyone else except my mother.
#2: Intelligence - You're so smart but you don't want to admit it. But to pair that with faith? 
You've got to be like an angel from heaven sent to test me and my self control...
But also the fact that you can talk about topics with genuine common sense and see things
from multiple perspectives.
#3: Your personality - I've been conducting a personality test on you the day you gave me one. just kidding
but here is what I can see in you:
- Love
- Respect
- High functioning reasoning
- Kindness
- A cute shyness (being reserved is good)
#4: Appearance - I can find nothing wrong with your appearance at all.
This is not a fucking joke. From the perfect eyes, ideal skin, to the most amazing smile I've seen,
and even to the voice paired with it, I'm not surprised how many people hit on you. But remember:
Even if this beauty fades with time, what matters is the heart.
#5: Your love for music is unparallelled by any other I've met.
#6: Humor - U FREAKY FREAK! 
#7: Your sweet talk always makes me happy each day.
#8: Special #8: You're an icon of my mother. I'd always wanted someone like my mother, who has ALL of these
qualities above^. LITERALLY, YOU MATCH THEM ALL, and what's better than her even, is that you've made
me laugh the hardest I've ever laughed in my life. Only the person that I see as truly special to
me who can hold a deep conversation about life one day, then proceed to make me almost die of laughter!!!


Even though you've rushed into relationships in the past and been uncomfortable in most of them,
there is no rush in mine.

The reason I waited so long is to see if we could be fully compatible. Moreover, I wanted to ensure,
or more guarantee that I would be able to hold a job and support two people, which I am now
almost certain that I am willing and able to do. 

But the main reason I waited so long is for you, because you're not the rusher type, and any time you
have been rushed or pressured, it's ended up badly. But I have chosen now as the time to 
send it. Because I can't keep you in suspense forever AND because many of the plans we have are of a 
time sensitive nature

So I, Wesley, ask you, Fatima, that you consider the question carefully and consult God as well:

Would you want to be my حبيبي, and I'll be your 爱人?